1436790/1438462: Part 22: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10430)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/how-to-create-a-transactional-service.md

    }  
    ```  
  

> 3.  Configure the bindings in the configuration file, specifying that the transaction context should be flowed, and the protocols to be used to do so. For more information, see [ServiceModel Transaction Configuration](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/servicemodel-transaction-configuration.md). Specifically, the binding type is specified in the endpoint element’s `binding` attribute. The [\<endpoint>](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/ms731320(v=vs.100)) element contains a `bindingConfiguration` attribute that references a binding configuration named `transactionalOleTransactionsTcpBinding`, as shown in the following sample configuration.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Configure the bindings in the configuration file, specifying that the transaction context should be flowed, and the protocols to be used to do so. For more information, see [ServiceModel Transaction Configuration](servicemodel-transaction-configuration.md). Specifically, the binding type is specified in the endpoint element’s `binding` attribute. The [\<endpoint>](../../configure-apps/file-schema/wcf/endpoint-element.md) element contains a `bindingConfiguration` attribute that references a binding configuration named `transactionalOleTransactionsTcpBinding`, as shown in the following sample configuration.  
```
